let me just touch on a couple of things
that that twitchchat talks about so
first of all you know I think that there
is a correlation between men and
alexithymia although many women are
Alexa thymic - I think a lot of it has
to do with video gaming I think that men
are conditioned to experience
essentially one emotion we're really
only allowed to experience one emotion
and if we experience any other negative
emotions or one negative emotion if we
experience other negative emotions we
tend to be shamed for it and I'll let
you guys kind of figure out what emotion
it is that you think that men are
allowed to experience I think that I
agree with crimson that you know it is
dumb that men are pressured not to
experience an emotion absolutely it's
anger right and so the funny thing is
even if you think about like you know
let's say the the example of the person
I'm working with who his his fiancee
cheated on him what do you think his
initial emotional reaction was to
finding out that his his fiancee was
cheating on him absolutely right he
comes into my office and he says I'm so
pissed off
and the more that you think about it
like that feels like a completely normal
like everyone can identify and relate to
that right to feel pissed off but
underneath he's feeling all kinds of
other things like will I ever be able to
trust someone again is there like there
are also other things that he's feeling
which it takes a while to to like get to
which is is there something about me
which is like broken and busted is there
something about me which makes it so
that like is there something that I'm
doing wrong which caused her to cheat am
I not good enough those are all the
things that are under underneath anger
but though that's not what he feels the
first thing that he feels is pissed off
and so this is true of gamers as well
we're like you know we're and now we
kind of get to we come full circle so we
come full circle and we kind of get to
toxicity and gaming so why is it that
gamers are so toxic and there's so much
toxicity in gaming it's because the main
emotion that most gamers let themselves
feel is anger anger is a very reasonable
emotion to have but there are also a lot
of other emotions that kind of swim
beneath the surface
[Music]